README.md, before:

# Transactional Cryptocurrency Network

Transactional Cryptocurrency Network, TCN, is a simple blockchain and cryptocurrency implemented in Go.  TCN supports wallets, block mining, transactions and a distributed network.  

## Motivation

I decided to start this project as a way to gain a better understanding for blockchain technology and implementation.  TCN is loosely based on the BitCoin Specification.  

## Getting Started

These instructions will help you get TCN installed and gat the initial blockchain created and mine the Genesis block.

### Installing

There are 2 methods to install TCN:

Install with go get

```bash
go get -u github.com/jplesperance/tcn
```

Clone the reop and install

```bash
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/jplesperance
git clone https://github.com/jplesperance/tcn
cd tcn
go install -v
```

## Usage

### Create the blockchain

When creating the blockchain, you must specify an address, that address will recieve credit(coins) for the mining of the Genesis block

```bash
tcn createblockchain -address <wallet-address>
```

### Getting the balance of a wallet

```bash
tcn getbalance -address <wallet-address>
```

### Send coins to another wallet

```bash
tcn send -to <destination-wallet> -from <source-wallet> -amount <amount of coins to send>
```

### Print all the blocks of the blockchain

```bash
tcn printchain
```

## Built With

* [BoltDB](https://github.com/boltdb/bolt) - BoltDB: embedded k/v database for Go

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/jplesperance/tcn/src/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://server.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/jplesperance/tcn/tags).

## Authors

* **Jesse P Lesperance** = *Initial Work* - [jplesperance](https://lesperance.io)

Commit message:

Updated motivation section, added slack channel

README.md, after:

# Transactional Cryptocurrency Network

Transactional Cryptocurrency Network, TCN, is a simple blockchain and cryptocurrency implemented in Go.  TCN supports wallets, block mining, transactions and a distributed network.  

## Motivation

I decided to start this project as a way to gain a better understanding for blockchain technology.  It is a living research project that has loosely implements the bitcoin specification.  Anyone interested in building anything stable upon TCN is encouraged to fork it first, since given the reseach project status, backwards breaking changes are likely.

## Getting Started

These instructions will help you get TCN installed and gat the initial blockchain created and mine the Genesis block.

### Installing

There are 2 methods to install TCN:

Install with go get

```bash
go get -u github.com/jplesperance/tcn
```

Clone the reop and install

```bash
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/jplesperance
git clone https://github.com/jplesperance/tcn
cd tcn
go install -v
```

## Usage

### Create the blockchain

When creating the blockchain, you must specify an address, that address will recieve credit(coins) for the mining of the Genesis block

```bash
tcn createblockchain -address <wallet-address>
```

### Getting the balance of a wallet

```bash
tcn getbalance -address <wallet-address>
```

### Send coins to another wallet

```bash
tcn send -to <destination-wallet> -from <source-wallet> -amount <amount of coins to send>
```

### Print all the blocks of the blockchain

```bash
tcn printchain
```

### Slack Channel for TCH
[TCN Platform Official Slack](https://tcnplatform.slack.com)

## Built With

* [BoltDB](https://github.com/boltdb/bolt) - BoltDB: embedded k/v database for Go

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/jplesperance/tcn/src/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://server.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/jplesperance/tcn/tags).

## Authors

* **Jesse P Lesperance** = *Initial Work* - [jplesperance](https://lesperance.io)
